home/customers.md, before:

---
title: "Listen from our customers"
customers: [
  {
    id: 1,
    name: "Marco Cremaschi",
    comment: "Great job by the manuscript editor. I am pleased to see how my manuscript has changed for good. Hope I get the same quality next time",
    role: "Associate Professor",
    company: "Università degli Studi Roma Tre",
    image: "../assets/marco.png"
  },
  {
    id: 2,
    name: "Zhongua Sun",
    comment: "The manuscript copy editing service provided by ContentConcepts is great and very professional. They have edited many manuscripts for me and my colleagues, and more than 90% of the edited manuscripts have been published in international journals",
    role: "Professor - Medical Imaging",
    company: "Curtin University",
    image: "../assets/zho.png"
  },
  {
    id: 3,
    name: "Dr Shreya Sharma",
    comment: "Very well organized and authentic manuscript proof reading and editing services in India. Timely work with valuable input improved the writing material",
    role: "Data Scientist",
    company: "Indian Institue of Management",
    image: "../assets/shreya.png"
  }
]
---

Commit message:

added comment excerpt in customers page

home/customers.md, after:

---
title: "Listen from our customers"
customers: [
  {
    id: 1,
    name: "Marco Cremaschi",
    excerpt: "The results were amazing",
    comment: "Great job by the manuscript editor. I am pleased to see how my manuscript has changed for good. Hope I get the same quality next time",
    role: "Associate Professor",
    company: "Università degli Studi Roma Tre",
    image: "../assets/marco.png"
  },
  {
    id: 2,
    name: "Zhongua Sun",
    excerpt: "The results were amazing",
    comment: "The manuscript copy editing service provided by ContentConcepts is great and very professional. They have edited many manuscripts for me and my colleagues, and more than 90% of the edited manuscripts have been published in international journals",
    role: "Professor - Medical Imaging",
    company: "Curtin University",
    image: "../assets/zho.png"
  },
  {
    id: 3,
    name: "Dr Shreya Sharma",
    excerpt: "The results were amazing",
    comment: "Very well organized and authentic manuscript proof reading and editing services in India. Timely work with valuable input improved the writing material",
    role: "Data Scientist",
    company: "Indian Institue of Management",
    image: "../assets/shreya.png"
  }
]
---
